add initial sort to useDataGridRemote hook (#1033)
vivid-planet/comet: packages/admin/admin-stories/src/docs/components/DataGrid/DataGrid.stories.mdx

| :---------------- | :----- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pageSize          | number | Number of items per page, defaults to 20.                                        |
| queryParamsPrefix | string | Prefix used for query parameters, useful when multiple DataGrid are on one page. |

> | initialSort       | Array<{ field: string; sort: GridSortDirection }> | InitialSort columns and sort directions applied to the DataGrid. Only applies the initalSort values if no other values are in the url. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| initialSort       | Array<{ field: string; sort: GridSortDirection }> | Initial sort columns and directions. Used when no sort query params are present. |
```

Is it necessary to explain that they're only used when there are no query params?
